---
sort: 10
---

# 英文写作规范

## Tips

### Hyphens and Capitalization
 
**In headings:** when a hyphenated word occurs in a heading capitalize the first element in the word and the last element, unless the second element is an article, preposition, or coordinating conjunction.
 
**In running text:** when a hyphenated word occurs at the beginning of a sentence, capitalize only the first element in the word unless a subsequent element is a proper noun or proper adjective. 

Examples: Headings

```
Non-Managed Fault Tolerance  

Restrictions Affecting the iProcess BusinessWorks Server Plug-in 
``` 
 
Examples: Running Text
 
``` 
Sub-processes can be used to…. 
 
On-line Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) and Certificate Revocation List (CRL) are used with SSL transfers…..
```
### Parentheses

Use parentheses to identify items such as abbreviations, symbols, and measurements. For example, if you write out the name of an abbreviation or a special character enclose the abbreviation or character in parentheses following the text.

Do not use the letter s in parentheses(s) to indicate that a noun can be singular or plural.

Avoid using parentheses in running text. Parentheses in running text decreases the importance of information and can interrupt the flow of a sentence. As an alternative try to only include information that is important and eliminate information that is not. Try to rewrite the text or use other punctuation instead of parentheses.  
 

The following examples show how to use parentheses with abbreviations, symbols, etc:

Examples

```
To run the command in the background, add an ampersand (&) at the end of a command.   
Before deploying an application, you must generate an application archive, which is an enterprise archive (EAR) file that is created in  Business Studio.  

The following examples show how avoid using parentheses in running text:  

Examples

``
If a BusinessWorks project contains an iProcess Service Agent that references an iProcess Connection resource, the connection information must be correct (that is, must match the iProcess Engine) or a message….

If a BusinessWorks project contains an iProcess Service Agent that references an iProcess Connection resource, the connection information must match the iProcess Engine or a message….. 
```
```
If the -home option is not specified in the create command (to set the path to the folder where all files related to the domain are managed), the domain is created in the default location under the BW_HOME \domains directory.

You can use the -home option to specify the folder where all the files related to the domain are managed. If you do not specify the -home option when using the create command, the domain is created in the default location under the BW_HOME\domains directory.
```
```
When an AppNode is created, an optional port for the OSGi console can be specified to monitor the AppNode. (Only enable this port for troubleshooting purposes.) See Enabling the OSGi Console for an AppNode for more information.

When an AppNode is created, an optional port for the OSGi console can be specified to monitor the AppNode. You can enable this port for troubleshooting purposes. See Enabling the OSGi Console for an AppNode for more information.
```

### Passive Voice

In order to concentrate on the users and the actions that they perform we should use active voice as much as possible. It doesn’t mean however that passive voice should never be used.

Passive voice is acceptable when any of these conditions are true:

- The system performs the action.
 
  ```
  After you select this check box the client ID for the connection is automatically generated.
  ```
  
- It is more appropriate to focus on the receiver of the action.
 
  ```
  The file is saved after you pressed Enter. 
  ```
  
- You want to avoid blaming the user for an error, such as in an error message.

  ``` 
  Error: An incorrect value was entered. 
 ```
  
- The information is clearer in passive voice.

  ```
  The activity name and the activity type are displayed in the upper-right corner.
  ```
  
- Specific information types, such as glossary definitions, require passive voice.
 
  ```
  A tool that can be used for testing adapters.
  ```
  
### Verbs: General Guidelines  
 
Avoid using verbs as nouns or adjectives. Verbs that are often misused as nouns or adjectives include: configure, compile, debug, fix, install, and others.

**Examples from documentation** 
 
[No!] With this common recovery, you can also use a universal method of reporting an interrupt for analysis by the technical staff.
[Yes!] With this common recovery, you can also use a universal method of reporting an interruption for analysis by the technical staff.
 
 
[No!] An installer log file is created during the install. <br>
[Yes!] An installer log file is created during the installation.
 
 
[No!] Click Finish to exit the uninstall.<br>
[Yes!] Click Finish to exit the uninstallation.
 
 
[No!] After the import, you must set certificates for the HTTPS and HTTPSCA transports.<br>
[Yes!] After importing the files, you must set certificates for the HTTPS and HTTPSCA transports.<br>
[Yes!] After the import process, you must set certificates for the HTTPS and HTTPSCA transports.

### Verbs: Phrasal Verbs
 
A verb and a preposition (or an adverb) form a phrasal verb. For example, "meet up" is a phrasal verb. Follow the IBM Style Guide when using phrasal verbs in your documents:
 
- Avoid using a phrasal verb if the verb alone provides the same meaning.
 
- When using a phrasal verb, make sure that you write it as two words (time out, back up, set up, and so on). If you write it as one word it is used as a noun or an adjective (timeout, backup, setup, and so on).

 
**Examples of phrasal verbs** 
 
``` 
The request might have timed out. 
The database does not back up the information automatically.                    
You must set up the following privileges:
``` 
 
**Examples of nouns and adjectives based on phrasal verbs**         
 
``` 
Check the DMZ timeout parameters. 
You must always have a backup of your environment.
Use the setup utility to complete the following tasks:
```

### Verbs: Tense
 
Write in the simple present tense as much as possible. Use past or future tense ONLY when you cannot use present tense or it does not make sense to use present tense.
 
**Examples from TIBCO documentation**
 
[No!] You will have to manually register a bwagent in the agent network for it to communicate with the server.<br>
[Yes!] You have to manually register a bwagent in the agent network for it to communicate with the server.
 
[No!]  In this case, the following message will be displayed: <br>
[Yes!] In this case, the following message is displayed:
 
[No!] After you created an adapter application, you have to generate the application archive. <br>
[Yes!] After creating an adapter application, you have to generate the application archive.
  
**Examples of correct use of future tense**
 
[Yes!] The engine always executes a job in one engine thread; however, it is not guaranteed that the same engine thread will be used for the entirety of the job.<br>
[Yes!] Disable the logging only if you are sure you will never need the logs for investigation and analysis.
 
**Examples of correct use of past tense**
 
[Yes!] You can add a model to the project that you created in the previous step.<br>
[Yes!] When using Request-Response Service to invoke XML Query List, if you selected JMS as the transport type, an error of invalid destination occasionally occurred in the JDE server. (Note: This is a closed issue.)

### Colons in Headings and Titles

Do not use a colon at the end of a heading or title.

**Example**

[No!] Using bwagent with TEA: <br>
[Yes!] Using bwagent with TEA
 
Use a colon between a heading and subheading or between a title and subtitle. Capitalize the first letter of the subheading or subtitle.

**Example**

Getting Started: Model-Driven Development in the Java Domain

### Colons after Introductory Text

Use a colon after the introduction to a vertical list, including a procedure or substeps in a procedure.
To avoid translation problems, make the introduction a complete sentence.
If a sentence intervenes between the introduction and the first item, use a period after both the introduction and the intervening sentence.

**Example (Unordered list)**

```
The library element can have the following child elements:

— Palette Drawer: a Library has a single Palette Drawer element.
— Event Type: a Library can have multiple Event Type elements.
— Control Type: a Library can have multiple Control Type elements.
```

**Example (Ordered list)**

```
To install the product, complete the following steps:
1. Click Install program.
2. In the wizard, follow the instructions on each page.
3. Click Finish.
```

**Example (Substeps)**

```
1. Connect the cables:
a. Connect the keyboard cable.
b. Connect the mouse cable.
```

Use a colon or a period after the introduction to a figure or table.

**Examples**

```
The following table provides information about the rulebase.
The following figure illustrates the various monitoring points:
```

### Comma

Use a comma in the following situations:

- Between independent clauses that are separated by a coordinating conjunction unless the clauses are short or closely related. Coordinating conjunctions: for, and, nor, but, or, yet, so.
- Between a dependent clause (starting with a subordinating conjunction) and an independent clause. Some of the subordinating conjunctions: after, as long as, because, before, if, unless, when, where, why…
- After most introductory words, clauses, and phrases. 
- To separate items in a series of three or more. Use a comma before the conjunction that precedes the final item (the Oxford comma). 
- Use a comma before a nonrestrictive clause, which begins with the word which.
 
**Examples:**

```
It is good practice to make edits in a copy of the default response file, and use the edited file for the installation. 
If the registered bwagent becomes unavailable, the connection between the TEA server and the agent network is automatically recovered.
From the menu, click Run > Debug Configurations. 
This class is used to create input, output, and fault schema for an activity.
The Recovery log, which is generated automatically, shows the cause of the problem. 
```
 
Do not use a comma:

- Before a restrictive clause, which begins with the word that.
- Between an independent clause and a dependent clause that are separated by a coordinating conjunction unless the sentence might be misread without a comma.
- Between an independent clause and a dependent clause that are separated by a subordinating conjunction.
 
**Examples:**

```
The scripts that are generic for ActiveMatrix BusinessWorks 6 are located in $BW_HOME/scripts/admin.  
The application is deployed to the selected AppSpace and is started on the AppNode.
Click Restart Now when you are prompted to restart TIBCO Business Studio.
```
 
Then is not a coordinating conjunction. You cannot join independent clauses with then unless you add a semicolon or a coordinating conjunction. 

**Examples:**
 
[No!] Click Start; then select a program. <br>
[Yes!] Click Start, and then select a program.

### Slashes
 
Avoid using forward slashes (/) and backslashes (\) in most text and in dates.
 
**Slashes in Running Text**
 
Follow these guidelines for using slashes in running text:

- In most cases, do not use slashes in text because they can be ambiguous. For example, 1/2 can mean one half,           one and two, one of two, and one or two. Rewrite the text using and, of, or or.

  **Examples**
 
  [No!] The meeting has a scheduled tea/coffee break. <br>
  [Yes!] The meeting has a scheduled tea and coffee break.
 
  [No!] You must complete 3/4 tasks. <br>
  [Yes!] You must complete three of four tasks.
 
  [No!] An emergency contact is often a relative/close friend. <br>
  [Yes!] An emergency contact is often a relative or close friend.
 
- Do not use the construction and/or, which can cause confusion and problems for translation. Instead, clarify the             options by using and or or, or by stating the choices, such as option A, option B, or both.
 
  **Example**
 
  [No!] Connect your printer and/or scanner to the computer. <br>
  [Yes!] Connect your printer and scanner to the computer. <br>
  [Yes!] Connect your printer or scanner to the computer. <br>
  [Yes!] Connect your printer, scanner, or both to the computer.
 
- Use a forward slash between words when the slash construction is an industry standard.
 
  **Examples**
 
  ```
  client/server
  I/O
  input/output
  publish/subscribe
  read/write
  ```
   
- Do not insert a space before or after a forward slash or backslash.
 
  **Example**
 
  [No!] input / output <br>
  [Yes!] input/output


### Words to Avoid: Recommend
 
IBM Style Guide advices that for legal reasons we should avoid using “we recommend”. The expression “it is recommended” should also be avoided because of the unnecessary use of passive voice.
 
Instead of “we recommend” or “it is recommended” we can use one of the following examples:
 
- “Ensure that” 
- “It is good practice to”
- “For best results”
- A statement in imperative mood
- A statement in a tip or a note box
 
**Examples from TIBCO documentation**

``` 
Ensure that your system meets the hardware and software requirements before installing the adapter.
 
It is good practice to make a copy of the default response file, and then edit that file and use it for the installation.
 
For best results, source BW_HOME/scripts/bashrc.sh to set up the following environment variables required to run the scripts mentioned in this table. 
 
Before using the adapteradmin utility, start the adapter agent and hawk agent.
 
Important: Save the file.
```

### Words to Avoid: Appear
 
Do not use the word “appear,” unless there is no better alternative.
 
Possible alternatives include “is displayed” and “opens.”
  
“Appear” implies magic or illusion.
 
When you are referring to a window in a graphical user interface, always use “open.”
 
**Examples**
 
 
[No!] After you provide the login credentials, click Login. The Welcome window appears.<br>
[Yes!] After you provide the login credentials, click Login. The Welcome window opens.
 
 
[No!] The message appears when you make a mistake.<br>
[Yes!] The message is displayed when you make a mistake.
 
 
```note

Use of passive voice is acceptable because "displays" is a transitive verb that must have an object. So, it is preferable to write "is displayed." 
```

**Example** 
 
[No!] The message displays.<br>
[Yes!] The message is displayed.<br>
[Yes!] The system displays a message.

### Words to Avoid:
 
**Abort**
 
Avoid using the word “abort.” 
 
You can use the words “cancel,” “stop,” or “end” instead.
 
**Examples**
 
No!  Abort a broker deployment.
 
Yes! End a broker deployment.
 
 
No! The computer aborts the action and stops all processing.
 
Yes! The computer cancels the action and stops all processing.

### Words to Be Avoided: Need to
In technical writing we should avoid using 'need to' to refer to a requirement that a product or procedure imposes. 'Need to' implies a requirement is imposed from within or can indicate something needs to be done for some personal reason. If an action must be performed, use 'must, have to, required to or the imperative mood.' For conditional actions use 'you might.'
 
 
The following examples show how to replace 'need to' with user-focused alternatives. 
 
 
Examples: 
 You need to set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable before using MFT Platform             
      Server. 
 Set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable before using MFT Platform Server.  
 
   You need to add the file name in the file path. 
 You must add the file name in the file path.
 
   You need to restart the AppNode to apply the changes. 
 You are required to restart the AppNode to apply the changes. 
   
  
For conditional actions:
 You may need to adjust the logging level for the log file.
  You might have to adjust the logging level for the log file. 

### Articles with Mode
Have you ever been unsure whether an article is required when describing some type of mode? If so, you are probably not the only one, as there is no clear rule in Style Guide. As a result there seems to be some inconsistency in TIBCO Documentation. So the editors have come up with the following guidelines. 
 
In most cases modes are names, such as 'GUI, local, silent, console, enterprise etc.' so an article is NOT required. However, if the mode is not a named mode, such as 'default mode', then an article is required.  
 
Please note: use lower case when describing modes unless used in a UI context (for example, in a procedure), then capitalize the mode name if the UI does.  
 
The following examples show how to use articles when describing various types of modes. 
Examples: Named Modes
   You can run TIBCO Universal Installer in the GUI, console or silent mode.  
  You can run TIBCO Universal Installer in GUI, console or silent mode.  
 
   In the console mode, you can run the installer on a command line.  
 In console mode, you can run the installer on a command line.  

Examples: Unnamed Modes
  The default mode is map mode. 
  Depending on the activation mode selected for the application, the fault tolerance configuration can behave in the following ways: 

### That vs. Which
 
Use “that,” without a comma, to introduce a restrictive clause. Use “which,” preceded by a comma, to introduce a nonrestrictive clause.

- A nonrestrictive clause adds additional, nonessential information about the subject. If the clause is removed, the essential meaning of the sentence does not change.
- A restrictive clause adds essential information about the subject, identifies it. If the clause is removed, the meaning of the sentence changes.
 
Examples: 
 
Yes!   The system units, which have two drives, are floor-standing models. (Nonrestrictive)
 
Yes!   The system units that have two drives are floor-standing models. (Restrictive)
 
In the first example, all of the system units are floor-standing models and they all have two drives installed. In the second example, some of the system units have two drives, and some do not. Only the units that have two drives installed are floor-standing models.

### Use of That
 
Do not omit the word “that” from clauses. The use of the conjunction “that”, although technically optional in some sentences, is never wrong and makes the sentence easier to translate and clearer for readers whose primary language is not English. 
 
Examples:
 
 
No!   Verify your directory service is working. 
 
Yes!  Verify that your directory service is working.
 
 
No!   Select the service instances you want to add. 
 
Yes!  Select the service instances that you want to add. 

### A Note about "Abort"
If a UICONTROL or a COMMAND has the term "Abort", it is acceptable. It is not acceptable if we use it in context.
Examples:

Yes!  If there is no activity for a long time after executing the RUN command, type ABORT to cancel the operation.

Yes!  Type ABORT to terminate the operation.


### Words to Avoid: Case Insensitive

Avoid using the term “case insensitive.” Use “not case sensitive.”
 
Examples:
 
No!  Use lowercase for file names that are case insensitive.
 
Yes! Use lowercase for file names that are not case sensitive.
 
 
No!  The password is case insensitive.
 
Yes! The password is not case sensitive.

### Hyphens: Compound Adjectives before a Noun
 
Hyphenate all the words that function as a compound adjective before the noun, such as: command-line interface, upper-right panel, spelled-out format, third-party documentation, stand-alone name, state-of-the-art-technology, and so on. 


Examples:

Yes!  On a command line, type the following command to start the utility:

Yes!  You can deploy an application EAR file by using the command-line mode with the bwadmin utility.


Yes!  The panel on the upper left of the window lists microagents you can access on the current agent.

Yes!  The tables are displayed in the Table List pane, which is in the upper-left corner of the window.

### Hyphens with Ranges  
 
Follow these guidelines for using hyphens with ranges:

- Use a hyphen to show a range of items, such as numbers, letters, pages, dates, or codes.
- Insert a space before and after the hyphen. 
- Do not use words such as from or between to show a range as it is not clear whether the items are the boundaries of the range or are included in the range.
 
Examples:
 
No!   The following characters are allowed in the AppSpace name: 
- A-Z
- a-z 
- 0-9
Yes! The following characters are allowed in the AppSpace name: 
- A - Z 
- a - z 
- 0 - 9
   
No!   letters from A - J
Yes! letters A - J
 
No!   messages between IGY3009 and IGY3020
Yes! messages IGY3009 - IGY3020


### Hyphens: Prefixes and Suffixes  
 
In most cases, do not use a hyphen to connect a prefix or suffix to a word. Typically, a hyphen is unnecessary if a reader can read the word accurately without a hyphen.
 
Refer to IBM Style Guide (Chapter 3, Punctuation: Hyphens with prefixes and suffixes) for a list of common prefixes and examples of when to omit or use a hyphen. 
 
Examples (when to omit a hyphen):
 
No!   Pre-installation tasks
Yes! Preinstallation tasks
 
No!   Post-installation overview
Yes! Postinstallation overview
 
No!   Sub-folder
Yes! Subfolder
 
Examples (when to use a hyphen):
 
No!     Recreate
Yes!   Re-create (create again)
 
No!     Recover
Yes!   Re-cover (cover again)

### Keyboard Keys: Verbs
 
Follow these guidelines when you use verbs with keyboard keys:
 
- For keys that are printed with letters, words, numbers, and symbols and result in output on a screen, use type or enter.
These keys follow the highlighting rules for user input phrases and should be tagged (for more information refer to IBM Style Guide, Appendix B. DITA tags for highlighting: User input).
 
No!    Type N.
 
Yes!  Type N.
 
- For keys that perform functions other than producing output on a screen, such as Enter, Esc, Shift, and Tab, use press. These keys do not take a special font and should not be tagged (refer to IBM Style Guide, Appendix B. DITA tags for highlighting: Keyboard keys). 
 
No!     Press Esc.
 
Yes!   Press Esc.
  
Note: Do not use the verb depress, hit, punch, or strike.

### Words to Avoid: Below and Above
 
 
IBM Style Guide advises against using the following words in certain contexts:
 
- "Below”: Do not use to indicate a relative location in a document, as in “the information below”. Use “the information later in this section”. Alternatively, you can use “following” to refer to a table or to a list.
 
No!    The example below shows the file system on a Windows machine.
 
Yes!   The following example shows the file system on a Windows machine.
 
- “Above”: Do not use to indicate a relative location in a document, as in “the above restrictions”. Use “previous” or “preceding”.
 
No!    See the instructions above on creating an encrypted or obfuscated password.
 
Yes!   See previous instructions on creating an encrypted or obfuscated password.

### Words to Avoid: As Per
 
Avoid using “as per.”  Instead you can use the words “according to.”
 
Examples:
 
No!  Most authoring tools sort index entries automatically as per a predefined setting.
 
Yes! Most authoring tools sort index entries automatically according to a predefined setting.
 
 
No!  Choose the indefinite article a or an as per how an abbreviation is spoken.
 
Yes! Choose the indefinite article “a” or “an” according to how an abbreviation is spoken.

### Words to Be Avoided: Allow
In technical writing we should avoid stating that inanimate objects grant abilities to people. Therefore we should not say that the product allows the users to perform certain actions. 
The following examples show how to replace allow with direct, user-focused alternatives. 

Examples: 
 The Conversations tab allows you to initiate or join a conversation.
 You can use the Conversation tab to initiate or join a conversation.
 The Get activity allows you to read messages that match a specified correlation ID or message ID. 
 With the Get activity, you can read messages that match a specified correlation ID or message ID.
 This software allows you to create services and integrate applications. 
 Use this software to create services and integrate applications. 
 Selecting this check box allows synchronization of multiple critical section groups using a shared variable as a lock. 
 If you select this check box, you can synchronize multiple critical section groups using a shared variable as a lock. 

   Words that have similar meaning to allow and should also be avoided include: enable, let, and permit. You can replace these verbs by using the alternatives provided in the above examples. 

### Word Usage: “shut down” 

- Write as two words when used as a verb. 
- Write as one word when used as a noun or adjective.

No!    Before you shutdown the system, close all running programs. 
Yes!   Before you shut down the system, close all running programs. 

No!    Applications stop running only when the shut down method of the application is called. 
Yes!   Applications stop running only when the shutdown method of the application is called. 

### Keyboard Keys: Abbreviated Names
 
If a key has an abbreviated name printed on it, use the abbreviated name instead of the spelled-out name when the meaning of the abbreviated name is clear. 
 
Because keyboards can vary, check IBM Style Guide for detailed instructions on how to spell abbreviated names (Chapter 7: Computer interfaces: Keyboard keys).
 
These keys do not take a special font and should not be tagged.
 
 
No!   Press the Capitals Lock key.
 
Yes!  Press Caps Lock. 

### Keyboard Keys: Key Combinations
 
When you write about two or more keys that are used in combination to perform a function, use the plus sign (+) to separate the key names. 
 
Do not insert a space before or after the plus sign. 
 
These keys do not take a special font and should not be tagged.
 
 
No!   Press Ctrl + Alt + Del.
 
Yes!  Press Ctrl+Alt+Del.

